There is nothing wrong
with dreaming.
Entitlement!
You need to have the right to dream.
If not, you are just going to be
reduced to smithereens.
You can’t stock a bottle of liquor
but you do have good foresight,
captain.
If we head beyond the next ten
miles,
we are going to
cross Krishnapatanam.
If we go another 50 miles, we are
going to leave the country behind.
There’s no one who will stop us.
He will not come.
He will come.
Who?
The heir of Krishnakota.
Is he that brave?
He belongs to the bloodline that
bravely stood up against the rifles
of the British army.
His grandfather was a crook
who cheated crooks such as you.
His uncle, was the first amongst the
thieves such as you.
Well then, who is he?
Why bother saying it?
You are going to see it yourself.
Captain, there’s someone
heading this way.
Shoot him.
Boys alert!
Your super hero chapter is over.
This isn’t the climax of the story.
This is merely an introduction.
Your countdown starts now.
(On TV)
There should be tears in the
fiery eyes of the rich men. (On TV)
The bitter fire of hate
in the hearts
of the poor must be
calmed down. (On TV)
I use my strength and intelligence
for this very purpose. (On TV)
If you do the same, I would
be happy. (On TV)
I am going to prove that there are
no separate laws for the rich
and the poor. (On TV)
Mom!
(Humming song)
I had a wonderful dream, mother.
Here, rub a tomato on yourself. You
are going to become even more fair.
You and your stupid curd and tomato!
I came to you because I had such a
wonderful dream in the morning.
And you’ve completely
ruined my mood and enthusiasm.
Son, I am really sorry.
You should have told me
that it was about a dream.
Fine, tell me your dream.
Tell me.
Was it about love or
action or emotion?
Introduction.
Super!
It’s awesome!
A hero needs to have that
kind of persona.
All the heroes who have mounted a
horse such as superstar,
megastar and power star.
You are going to be a huge star!
Forget about star, he is not capable
of being a background artist either.
It’s not wrong to dream, son.
Entitlement!
If you dream a dream that you
have no right to...
you will end up in ruin.
It’s the same dialogue.
With a gun in a dream...
with a bell in reality
If you cook biryani in your dream,
your hunger in real life
won’t be satiated.
You need to come back to reality.
You are a stickler for reality. Did
that make you the prime minister?
He is a veterinary doctor.
Yes, the very same animals are
the ones that feed us.
Fathers should advice their sons on
following their dreams
and chasing their passion...
...Instead, you ask me to do a
course in Ameerpet, go and
work in the US, etc.
From tomorrow onwards,
you don’t have to do any course.
Come to our clinic ....
...and put the thermometer
in the animals.
Why don’t you deal with
that thermometer?
Sharada!
My Mother...
and my Father
Did not freeze the frame about them
Actually I have to introduce Subbu
Subbu?
Subhadra?
Stop yelling.
-Your mother on Phone.
What’s going on?
Haven’t you woken up, yet?
I am up.
-Get ready.
Today, a potential groom is
coming to meet you.
Mom, I don’t want you to fix me up
with an alliance suddenly.
Do you want me to carry this
message to your father?
That is why I told him not to
let you stay in Hyderabad.
That phone is mine.
You come to Mumbai
Okay, I will get ready.
Hello?
Mars, guard the wicket properly.
Hey, throw the ball properly.
Subhadra is going to be meeting a
potential groom today.
Yes, I heard that Subhadra is going
to be seeing
a potential groom today.
Yes.Subhadra is going to be meeting
Oh! Is it?
They say it’s an
alliance from the US.
And apparently, the potential groom
earns more than 4 lakhs per month.
Oh! Really?
Hurry up and get ready.
It’s going to be late.
Grandma...
do we have sweets at home?
I ordered for them on Swiggy.
It should be here any minute now.
Hi.
She didn’t pay you?
Pay?
I thought it best to meet the
potential bride with sweets rather
than come empty-handed.
Oh? I am so sorry.
Actually, looking at your T-shirt, I
thought you were
Swiggy delivery boy.
Judging from my glasses, didn’t you
guess that I might be the groom?
Madam, Swiggy.
Okay, thank you.
It’s already been paid for, madam.
Black T-shirt...it’s my favorite.
I am sorry.
-It’s okay.
Let’s start fresh?
So...
You are Subhadra, right?
Why did you get the Swiggy delivery
boy in and made him sit in the hall?
The potential groom is going to
be here any minute.
Grandma!
He is the groom.
Oh dear! Your T-shirt made me
misunderstand you.
It’s okay, grandma.
I was wrong to have
worn this T-shirt.
Let me get you some coffee.
Well...
You are...
Here’s your coffee.
Thank you.
Put this inside.
Well...
Sorry...sorry.... sorry...
It’s okay... It’s okay.
you please relax.
Sit down.
It looks like nothing is
working out for me today.
Don’t be disheartened, Son. I will
get you another cup of coffee.
It’s okay.
Let’s start fresh.
Let me come to the point directly.
You look much more pretty in person
than in the photographs.
Biscuit!
Grandma! Apparently, he wants
biscuits served with coffee as well.
Who is he?
He is the most useless person
in the apartment.
What is it?
Do you want the ball?
Go and play.
Well, where were we?
You were telling me how
beautiful I am.
Even you are very handsome
and good to look at.
Thanks.
If he is the hero, who am I?
How dare you address the
groom disrespectfully?
Why are you fighting because of me?
You are too easy with words.
Of course, I am. What else can I do?
Chill...!
-What else can we do?
You..!
Damn it!
One more.
Coffee is ready.
Great timing, sir!
Arjun, do you want some coffee?
-No, grandma.
He just had one.
What? You think he is
okay with just one?
He has coffee at least two to
three times a day.
So, all this has been going on
with your approval?
Good then.
I shall take my leave.
When you come back, please
bring your parents.
Why bother?
This behavior isn’t really
appropriate in front of them.
I shall take my leave.
What? There’s more?
Let’s start fresh.
-Get lost!
Arjun, do you want some coffee?
No, grandma... Not right now.
I’ll have it later.
What’s going on with him? Why didn’t
he have coffee before he left?
Hey, come.
"The star of the night sky is
perched on the ground."
"Time has stopped because of
this ravishing beauty."
"The arrow of love has pierced me."
"The life that was mine has now
become about you."
"This little heart of mine has seen
you on the silver screen
and fallen in love."
"It demands that I never
shut my eyes
and to keep constantly
looking at you."
"I found the true Telugu beauty in
you. My heart began to celebrate."
Well...
Thank you.
No, No.
I am your neighbor; not some labor.
Oh shit.
I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.
-It’s okay.z
I don't know that...
-Give her money back
Bye!
Arjun.
Flat 402.
"My youth is floating up in
the air like a kite."
See this fur coat...
This fur coat is...
Do you remember me?
I am your neighbor.
Dad?
Yeah, my dad.
-Dad, she is our neighbor.
Hi... nice to meet you.
Go away.
-Why is he going overboard?
Dad, come fast.
Hi.
Dad, sit in the back. I’ll drive.
You sit in the back. I’ll drive.
"Up until now, I don’t think the
heart has ever heard itself beat."
"Up until yesterday, I don’t think
my dreams knew that they could
be this colorful."
"I don’t even remember what today
is or even the day of the week"
"My watch stopped running."
Dad...dad....
It’s time for the clinic.
I will be in the car.
Come soon.
God, why is he torturing me?
"You and me beside each other is
like a celebration."
"You have made every frame in this
life more beautiful."
"I found the true Telugu
beauty in you."
"My heart began to celebrate."
"My youth is floating up in
the air like a kite."
"Be it tomorrow or the day after,
very soon, my journey is
going to be with you."
"My love"
"Oh baby you are my love"
"You are my love"
Son, when you become a hero, where
do you think we should
purchase a house?
You tell me, mother.
Jubilee Hills or Banjara Hills?
Where does Mahesh Babu stay?
In Jubilee Hills.
If that’s the case, let’s purchase a
house at Jubilee Hills.
People like you are the ones who
count their chickens before
the eggs hatch.
"Slowly and slowly, you began to
reach out to me and we
started getting close."
"I moved closer and closer to you.
And now I lie in your embraces."
"I wonder when we crossed
the boundaries of shyness."
"I’ve finally gotten my
sweetest first kiss."
"I sent myself into the heart of the
beloved who was waiting for me."
"Walked on the path of joy and
celebration,
We have signed each of
ourselves to the other."
Oh my god!
In the clinic!
Father, there are some
irregularities somewhere.
What do you think we should do?
If you get rid of your irregular
behavior, that would be enough.
This is a clinic.
It would be a very disgusting here.
Let’s go, dear.
"Be it tomorrow or the day after,
very soon, my journey is
going to be with you."
"My love"
"Oh baby you are my love"
"You are my love"
After you become a superstar ..
Half of your remuneration is mine.
Bye!
Hey, watch out!
What happened ?
Shh!
The commissioner is dead.
The only one person has left.
We have to send gun to Hyderabad
Why so serious?
Hey...
are you going to the audition?
Yes, uncle.
-All the best.
Thanks, uncle.
Arjun, give this to children,
please?
All the best, Hero.
-Thank you.
Don’t keep introducing me every day
and irritating me.
Hurry up and get on the bike.
Ravi is waiting.
Please drive slowly...
Why?
-My hairstyle will be ruined.
Hurry up and go.
Just because he has a bit of hair!
If the director suggests to be
paired with one heroine,
don’t be in a haste to agree.
There needs to be a minimum of two
heroines in our movies.
Tell them that it doesn’t matter if
the heroine can act or not,
what matters is that she
must be beautiful.
Why are you so late?
You told me that it adds to the
hero’s persona if he is late.
That works only for the audio
function. Not for the audition.
Hurry up.
The director is waiting.
Come...
Let’s go.
Wait.
Hello, sir.
Who are you?
Sir, he came for the audition.
Do it!
Get the light on the left, please.
Camera, little to the right.
My right profile is better, sir.
Let’s call action
Out!
Get out!
I will talk... you hang
on the phone.
Hey, I’ve seen this
posture somewhere.
Brother...
is this audition for a
Hero character?
Yes, right!
Anil, sir...
You do a fantastic job with regards
mannerisms, energy
and elevations in your movies.
Take a bow.
If I get to work as a hero in the
movie directed by a director
who’s topped the box-office records...
That’s why, this time, I want to do
an out-of-the box movie.
That’s a nice title.
Not the title. It’s
about the content.
Well, you are....
Well, I came to audition
for your out-of-the-box movie.
You are very active.
I am going to use you.
Tell me, sir.
What’s the scene you want me
to audition for?
Come on... come on...
Tell me, sir. Tell me.
The hero in our story is a rake.
What’s going on?
Looks like your imagination is
leaping in bounds.
The set wouldn’t have a vegetable
stall or a food stall,
samosa with chillies.
Why?
No introductions and no
elevating the persona.
Well then, what about the
Hero character?
Do you remember Ali in that very
same movie Pokiri?
Remember he keeps begging?
He collects garbage in the streets
-No!
In depth, he begging on
the temple steps
Why?
I've already told you, right?
Out-of-the-box.
When our hero is experiencing such
destitute and harrowing situation,
a beautiful and glamorous
heroine enters his life.
She is beautiful!
It’s alright. Even though the hero’s
life is in a destitute state,
the heroine is
at least glamorous.
So, there is going to a
dream song and a duet.
There’s going to be
nothing of that sort.
Why, sir?
-Because she is already married.
Why would a married woman be
a central heroine of the story?
Out-of-the-box.
What’s after this?
Interval block.
kondareddy buruju
Yes! The moment has arrived.
Now, it warms up.
The hero is on one side...
-Yes, I am coming.
On the other side, there is the
heroine and her husband.
I don’t care if he is beside her,
I’ll still come.
20 goons at the center.
Stop it, sir.
He's again going into his dreams...
The crowning glory of
kondareddy buruju...
Tracking shot
I am throwing punches at
ten of the goons.
No, you are not going to
throw any punches.
How many times do I have to tell you
that it’s out-of-the-box?
All the goons are going to surround
you and beat you up.
They are going to throw you against
the stones,
flip you over and throw
you down, push you....
Your skull is going to explode and
you are going to turn mad!
Stop it, sir!
You are Anil Ravipudi.
Instead of awards, I want songs,
fights, dance and comedy.
He is very hurt.
Please make a movie where your
skills lie and what people like.
There’s no portraying the hero as a
larger-than-life character,
no introductions...
Out of the box?!
Sir, this young man is going to
become a movie star for sure.
You are right.
Arjun...
when are you going to
become a movie star?
When are you going to
convince my father?
When will we get married?
There’s a lot of time, Subbu.
Don’t fret.
No, Arjun.
There’s isn’t any time left.
Why?
You are losing your hair.
What?
Egg is very good to stop
one from balding.
That’s true.
Good job.
Arjun, rub some lime juice.
It’s very good for your hair.
Excuse me?
My dog is shedding a lot.
Is there any treatment available?
Humans don’t know how to
deal with
their own hair
and you ask for a dog?!
Please stop.
You come in.
There is a good new rap song
about hair fall.
Ball?
Isn’t this how we look when we
lose all our hair?
There are warnings when we are about
to experience
earthquakes and Tsunamis.
Even then, can we stop them?
This is exactly the same.
The only thing we can do is measure
the damage by using the
Richter scale.
What can we do?
How long is it going to late?
It’s almost done.
When the TV gets broken,
you get a new one.
Why would you
repair the old one?
You know about my dad, right?
Hello, brother?
Excuse me.
I am talking to you.
If you could give us a minute of
your life,
we will tell you something that will
change your life.
What’s the biggest
problem in the world?
I won’t give you stupid answers
such as hunger or obesity.
The biggest problem in the world is
seeing
your well-grown hair fall off.
Is it true or not?
Yes, it’s true!
Yes!
-Yes!
Many of you might feel that
this isn’t such a silly problem.
But brothers...
You don’t just lose hair.
You lose your confidence.
Do you agree or not?
Yes! Yes!
- Yes!
Yes, that’s because when you lose
your hair,
your
girlfriend leaves you
and the wife that you got married to
because you like her,
will also leave you.
It’s embarrassing to take a photo
and you would cry tears of
embarrassment to walk on the roads.
You would forever be tensed about
some school kids are going to mock
about your bald head.
Brother...
you might think that you are the
hero of your life.
But, have you ever seen a
hero who is bald?
No! No! No!
Do you want to get back the
hair that you’ve lost?
Yes, we do!
-Yes, we do!
Well, is there no solution
to this problem?
The solution to this problem is
not in India, brother.
Shit!
But the solution to this problem
is available in China!
Oh my goodness! In china?
Guys....Guys....
As soon as they mentioned China,
they ran away.
The name of the product is Pistol.
We all know that crores of rupees
were spent
on making sure
you don’t lose hair.
We don’t want your crores, brother.
We want only 999/- rupees only.
You said that it was a
China product.
But he looks Nepalese.
Do you think it will work?
Certainly.
What is this?
-It’s a paper.
It’s a rap song –
You roll it, I’ll sing
and he will dance.
After this song ends, no one can
stop you from being a hero.
"The entire street and
the neighborhood."
"Come on and have a look."
"Brother has come...see the
place buzzing."
"We have to up the tempo."
"The entire district is
on a rhythm."
"Flip up your collar and
begin your first step of dancing."
"Come on, come on, give it up.
He is a very local guy."
"With every step, bring in the
energy. He is the most special one."
"Come on, make some noise.
He is a very stylish fellow."
"Come on, shade our brother
under an umbrella.
He is full of energy."
"Come on, hit it! Hit it! Hit it!
Tear it apart!"
"Make sure that the tune is heard!
Hit it until it breaks down!"
"Cheers to Chiranjeevi who
impressed us with his moves."
"Cheers to Rajnikanth who
impressed us with his style."
"For impressing us with his
emotional range, cheers to Venky!"
performance, cheers to Balayya!"
"I am going to bring the game on
When I hit the screens."
"I am going to bring you a basket
woven out of marigold flowers."
"This is the beat.
It’s coming on, get ready."
Come on, hit it! Hit it! Hit it!"
Who the hell was it?
Arjun.
My father.
Who the hell was that?
Arjun...
My father.
You’ve been creating a ruckus.
Let’s go to the police station.
Come on, let’s go.
You can explain yourself
in the station.
Why are you creating nuisance
on the roads
with your movie shoots
and fights?
You idiot!
You said that you’ve taken
permission for the shoot.
Yes, I asked my dad
permission to do the shoot.
How was I supposed to know you meant
permission from the police?
Brother, I’ll give you 500 bucks.
How about 1000 bucks?
Keep quiet.
-How long do we have to wait?
Where is CI?
Urvasi?
Sir!
You got married, right?
Yes, sir.
That is what I thought.
I thought you struck a good bargain.
Sit down. Sit down.
Put it inside.
-Okay, sir.
Did the wedding go well?
Yes, sir.
Then, what about your first night?
Sir, please.
What’s up with him?
He seems to be a sex sadist.
You say please before your wedding
and even after your wedding.
Hello, excuse me?
Hey!
Urvasi? Urvasi?
He seems very twisted.
We need to deal with him carefully.
Namaste, sir.
-Namaste, sir.
What’s going on with you?
-Rap, sir.
I am a rapper.
File a report that he raped.
No...no...Not rape, sir.
Rap.
How do I explain this to you?
I sing songs, sir.
Isn’t the one who sings
called a singer?
You must have gotten a job
through sports quota.
This is the next level to singing,
sir.
Rap.
English, hip-hop.
I don’t think you would understand.
Why don’t you sing me a song?
Buddy, be quiet.
Would you let us go if I
sing you a song?
Thank you, sir.
ready, sir.
One...two...three...check.
When the (Dharmam) is going
off the track
and the youth are going off
the rails,
Where are the police?
Where are they?
When there is looting all around,
Where are the police
with their batons?
Where are they?
We are here!
Here!
Do you think the police is a joke?
Are you crazy?
Sir...sir....why are
you hitting him?
What’s going on?
Are you a rapper as well?
Hero.
Hero?
Yes sir.
Is that why you are
dressed like this?
Sir, it’s a small issue.
Please let us go.
They’ve been creating
nuisance in the public.
Calm down, uncle.
-Sir...
He is his uncle.
Uncle?
Did he marry his daughter to you?
Or did his daughter let
you pop her....?
Hit! Hit!
Get the gun out! Get the gun out!
Oh goodness, it’s fallen down!
Shoot him up!
He ruined the lives of many women.
He is a lusting monster
Hello?
Yeah, came.
I’ll check.
Come on, guys.
We will take care of him after
you become a hero.
Keep walking!
What is the reason for your
sudden visit, mom?
Mom, I am asking you.
Oh? You are talking to me?
I thought you were on the phone.
What is going on?
You do know about your father,
don’t you?
He is very irritated about the
events that happened this morning.
Mother, what happened in the
morning was a shoot.
He didn’t know who you guys were.
But, why did you come here without
any previous intimation?
Since your childhood,
have you ever seen me informing
you of everything before I do?
That is not what I meant, father.
Nothing, dear.
Prasad uncle has started
a new project.
He is adamant that I come
here and meet him.
I need to go to the US immediately.
To the US?
When are you leaving?
It’s not when are you leaving.
It’s – we are leaving.
You are coming with us.
What? Me? To the US?
So suddenly?
The situation presented
itself in such a way.
How would it look if you
stayed apart from us?
Dad, I need to tell you something.
It’s about your job, right?
The best job in US at the
best hospital...
and being married to a good guy
and into a respectable family.
Both are ready.
Dad, I am in love with someone.
Subbu...
have you gone crazy?
Do you know what you are
talking about?
What do you mean you are in love?
Mother, please listen to me.
Who is the guy?
The person who got into a
fight with dad...
Arjun.
Who would have predicted
what could happen at any minute?
Dad, please...
Please listen to me once.
What are you talking?
What’s going on with
your appearance?
Your pants are torn and you look
like a homeless person.
Did you get chased by the dogs and
they tore your clothes?
Or did someone thrash you?
Dad, not now.
Dear, it seems I need an
appointment to reprimand him.
You go.
You got a courier.
I put it in the room.
Courier?
Why would you say it like
it’s some award?
Order no. 1156...
(Operator speaking in mandarin)
Where the hell are you, Man?
That SI needs to be killed.
We need to take his gun
and shoot him up.
How dare he insults me?
Doesn’t he know who I am?
I have a small problem.
Where?
Something went wrong with
the courier.
Come to the terrace urgently!
Alright, come to the terrace.
I’m coming.
Brother...
-This vehicle is mine.
...could you please drop me there?
Okay.
Please, Aishu.
No.
Hey, what is with this shameless
behavior on the terrace?
I learned this from you, brother.
What is the matter?
Did you call the customer care?
He said that it was the
correct order.
Then, it must be correct. The cap
must be somewhere... search for it.
Have you gone mad?
Why are you anxious?
Look at how the oil leaked out.
Buddy, that is blood.
No, this is Navaratan oil.
It keeps you chilled.
The language spoken by the them
sounds the same
but their thoughts
are completely different.
They even gave a very unique
name to the virus.
Stop!
Ask her if she would like
to come to me?
She looks like a college student,
sir.
No...
Looking at her,
I get the experience
that she is a very
experienced professor.
No, sir.
What’s gotten into you?
Does it look like I am asking
you for your daughter?
Alright.
I will go to her.
This is a real gun!
This company’s name is Pistole!
It’s a freaking design.
It’s oil.
We ordered for oil and they
sent us a real gun!
You don’t believe it, right?
Let’s test.
Buddy... no... don’t...
No...
Buddy, you are going to fire it!
-If you are scared, close your eyes.
I am going to close my eyes as well.
Please, listen to me.
Are you scared?
-Please, listen to me!
If that’s the case, I am going
to aim it towards me.
It’s a real gun!
I am going to press the trigger.
If I press the trigger, its
going to release oil.
Listen to me.
Put it on my head.
-It’s going to fire!
Buddy, the oil....it’s slipping
away. Let go of the gun!
I am going to press it.
.
Do you want to come with me?
Sir!
Why did you fire it?
-Why did it fire?!
Let’s get out of here.
Sir....
Hold him.
What happened? How did it fire?
You were right.
It’s a real gun.
I kept telling you that it was a
real gun. Did you listen to me?
You said you were going to test!
Your stupid test!
Hey, chill man.
We found that it was a real gun
only after we tested it.
Come, let’s test it.
Come!
I can understand your anger.
I am convinced.
What do we do now?
Brother, courier.
Arjuna...
Dad...
Everyone in this world is
born and later dies.
To change one’s life between
the events of birth and death...
...god provides a
single opportunity.
This isn’t a deal.
It is an opportunity given by
that Ravana Brahma.
Arjuna,
-Yes, dad.
Do you how the killing must
be carried out?
Even after your death, the manner in
which you killed
should continue to
be a topic of conversation.
Okay.
Open it.
We don’t want crores of rupees,
brother.
We want just 999/- Rupees only.
What is this?
Where is the gun?
This is what the courier guy gave,
brother.
That stupid.... You fool!
Dad...
don’t worry.
I will take care of it, father.
What are you going to take care of?
What are you going to do?
That is Bhai’s gun.
If Bhai gives you a deal, it means
that the enemy must lose their life.
Or else, our lives are to be lost.
Go!
Alright!
No matter who has the gun,
slice him up and get the gun back!
Go!
Guys, come on!
Do you think this is a good idea?
Definitely.
What the hell is going on out here?
Investigation is going on, sir.
Investigation?
Your station CI was shot.
It’s not a civilian.
If the media gets wind of this,
we are going to the laughing stock!
Sir!
Madam!
Sir, please listen to us.
Madam, we need to tell you
something important.
Madam... please.
Shut up!
Why is it that no one is paying
attention
when my friend wants
to say something?
Is this police station or
railway station?
Hey!
-Tell now.
What is it?
What is your problem?
There is a problem with the system,
sir.
Please, keep quiet.
Sir...
-Tell me.
Well...
Sir, I ordered a product online.
But I didn’t receive the product.
Call the customer care number.
Why would you bring this to me?
Sir, don’t you ever
listen completely?
Hey!
What’s with you?
-Sir...sir...sir...
Please listen to me, sir.
We didn’t receive the product that
we ordered for in the courier, sir.
What did you get?
How do we explain this to you?
Show me!
Tell him that James Bond has it.
Why are you hesitating?
There was a murder attempt on the CI
right in the middle of the streets.
When the CI who was strolling
the streets was shot,
he fell down
in this position.
That road looks familiar,
doesn’t it?
What do you mean it looks familiar?
It’s the road of our street.
Our road?
Deeksha, there are suspicions that
the department has sought
vengeance and are behind
this incident.
According to the
information we received...
it looks like this crime was
committed using an antique pistol.
After this incident, the police have
come up with silly excuses such as
lack of petrol in the vehicles to
avoid patrolling the streets.
The human rights organization are
infuriated with the
attitude of the police.
Don’t be nervous.
They are going to find out.
You are the one who seems
to be shaking in.
Me?
Srikanth?
-Sir...
How did they find out this news?
First, switch off the TV.
Sir...
-What is the status of this case?
We’ve sent the bullets to Mumbai for
forensic examination.
We’ve alerted the check posts.
The culprit can’t have crossed
boundaries of the city, sir.
If we find the gun, it’s as good as
catching the culprit.
If you find out the culprit,
forget about catching him.
Just shoot him.
I’ll take care of the rest.
Okay, sir.
Keep it with you.
Why would you give it to me?
It’s yours, isn’t it?
You said that you
received a courier.
Shall we tell him the truth?
I am asking you. Are you going to
spill the truth or not?
I am not going to tell you, sir.
I’ve lost all faith in you, sir.
When the CI was attacked right in
the middle of the streets,
you couldn’t do anything, sir.
I can understand that you
have no information.
But when the CI was shot
at 10:00 last night,
How could you have not
caught the criminal so far?
We didn’t know that he was
shot at 10:00 pm.
How did you know that?
People are talking about it
out there, sir.
He’s written a song on it as well.
Me?
What song did you write?
Buddy, sing it.
Police are useless.
What the hell are you talking about?
What is it that you want?
We want trust, sir.
Trust.
Until you find the culprit who is
responsible for shooting our CI,
I will never set foot in
this station, sir.
You shouldn’t either.
Let’s go.
Girls are very protective in the
presence of our CI
They are treated like
delicate flowers.
Yes, right.
Did he ever let girls walk
anywhere alone?
Our CI.
What now?
Is it the right time for you
to start singing?
We didn’t do anything else.
What do you want to do now?
Let’s throw the gun away.
Yes!
Dad...
What is it, dear?
Please meet with Arjun once again.
You will like him.
I won’t like him, dear.
How can you say that you don’t
like him in one meeting?
How can you assume that I would like
him if I meet him again?
Dad, Arjun is a very good person.
If he a good man, ask him to
start a charity.
I will give him the money.
I won’t give him my daughter.
I really like Arjun a lot.
Isn’t this a good spot?
Buddy, the water here is very dirty.
Did we come here to have a bath?
We came here to throw the gun.
Okay.
I hope no one is watching us.
Buddy, it’s deep there.
Let’s throw it there.
The beauty spot of Hyderabad
is Hussain Sagar.
We’ve come to catch the people
who dirty the lake red-handed
in our Real News.
Do you know what they
are doing here?
They are destroying
this green nature.
When they say that our nation is in
the hands of the youth,
is this what they meant?
As soon as they see an open space,
they open their pants to
reveal themselves.
Are they responsible for
the pollution?
Are they responsible for Corona?
We saw it in person.
You are watching it on LIVE.
We shall watch it again when the
telecast is repeated.
One minute...One minute.
Did you see the gun?
Don’t you understand
anything directly?
Is the entire society going to
misunderstand everything?
Come!
Is that the gun you meant?
-Why did you do that?
Now, I am scared.
I want to pee.
Hold this.
She hit me really hard.
I need to go home immediately and
write a rap song on media.
Hello, Subbu.
-Where are you?
I am in a problem.
Father said that he would like
to meet you.
Come to the coffee
shop immediately.
I have some work.
I don’t think I can come, Subbu.
You must come. That’s all.
-Fine, send me the location.
What’s with this Subbu hassle?
-What can I do?
She is asking us to come.
Let’s go.
Do you really need to meet the
bride at this time?
What do you mean meet the bride?
Is he going to come or
should we keep waiting?
He is already here, father.
Sorry, uncle.
That day I was tensed and
spoke out of turn...
Who amongst the both of you
is in love with my daughter?
Oh goodness!
I am not the one, uncle.
I didn’t pay a lot of
attention to your daughter.
If I did, you would have already
married your daughter to me.
Go away.
Get out of here.
Sorry, uncle.
He is just a little too
enthusiastic.
Thank you for considering me as a
potential groom for your daughter.
Bag...
Go out.
He is just jealous.
Sorry, uncle.
I was worried about my hair fall...
and also because the expected
courier did not arrive.
And suddenly, you being there made
me even more nervous.
With all that’s going on...
Hey, thanks, uncle.
Arjun.
What are you doing?
How do you smoke this?
I just accepted it because it would
be impolite to refuse.
But I don’t smoke.
My daughter told me
everything about you.
You told him everything already?
Foolish of me to have wasted 18
rupees unnecessarily.
She didn’t tell me about
the cigarettes.
She told me about your interest in
the movie industry.
This is to prep for a movie.
A lot of people who wanted to
become big movie stars ended up
ruining their lives.
All those who’ve tried must have
ruined their lives.
Those who are unwavering in their
focus must have surely
become movie stars.
Do you think it’s easy to
become a movie star?
My friends said the very same thing,
uncle...
.... about your daughter.
But she fell for me.
I took her for drives on my bike
and even kissed her.
Hey, when did I kiss you?
She didn’t kiss me.
Father, he is lying to you.
I didn’t kiss him.
She didn’t kiss me.
Excuse me?
Water.
Dad...
Sorry!
Does my daughter mean as much
to you as you becoming a movie star?
I feel the same way about
both of them, uncle.
Just like alcohol, cigarettes and drugs,
obsessing over becoming a
movie star is an addiction as well.
Will you let go of your dreams of
becoming a movie star
and come with
us by choosing my daughter?
Please listen to me...
I didn’t come here to listen to
your explanations.
Do you want my daughter or
do you want to pursue your dreams?
Subbu...
Do you want me or your father?!
If I said something like that it
sounds really foolish,
doesn’t it,sir?
Sir, please try to understand...
I am in worst situation
I’ll be back later.
Arjun!
Move!
How much is this?
-100 rupees.
Hey, where you coming to, you...?!
Oh! My bag.
Hey, my phone!
Catch him! Catch him!
I got him!
Stop!
Don’t hold tightly.
-Alright, fine.
Slowly... careful
Oh no, Cops!
Sir...sir...please let me go.
-Bag sir.
I beg you.
Is that bag yours?
We need to check your bag, don’t we?
He is opening the bag.
What is in the bag?
Sir...sir...sir...
There is nothing in the bag.
Don’t open the bag, sir.
-Sir...sir...sir, please.
Don’t open it, sir.
-Please, sir.
Don’t .... Don’t ...Don’t...
-Sir...sir...sir...
Subbu...
Bag?
The bag is with Subbu.
It’s got mixed up with hers.
Damn!
Subbu?
-What is it?
Where is the bag?
It’s with me.
Where are you?
I am going to attend a
party at GR gardens.
Really?
I need to meet with you right now,
Subbu.
It’s not possible.
Buddy, we won’t find the mirror...
-Let’s go!
Our folks are inside.
Let’s go.
Do we really need to adhere
to the dress code?
How am I?
Do you have lipstick?
♪Draped in Stars all over your body,
♪
♪Oh my ardent desire of a girl,
where are you off to? ♪
♪Come a little closer. ♪
♪I am going to be at peace. ♪
♪Draped in Stars all over your body,
♪
♪Oh my ardent desire of a girl,
where are you off to? ♪
♪Come a little closer. ♪
♪I am going to be at peace. ♪
What the hell is this?
Hey, what is this?
♪ If I am not around,
oh my darling ♪
♪ Who is going to make you blush? ♪
♪ You are never going to look at a
mirror again, Without me,
you would be anxious every day. ♪
Hey, you all sit down.
Hurry up and give it!
Sir, here...
♪Come a little closer. ♪
♪I am going to be at peace. ♪
"There is a young girl in my village.
She says she is
scared of ghosts."
"There is a young girl in my village.
She says she is
scared of ghosts."
"There is a young fellow in
that very village."
"He asked her not to be afraid
since he was around "
"Come on play, play, play.
A delicate jasmine bud, a
delicate jasmine bud,"
"Come on play, play, play. A
delicate jasmine bud,
a delicate jasmine bud,"
"Hey, cheers! Cheers! Cheers!"
"There is a young girl in my
village.
She says she is
scared of ghosts."
"There was a young fellow in
that very village,"
"He asked her not to be afraid
since he was around "
Brother, we found out
where he lives.
He lives in Ameerpet.
Shall we go?
What? Do you think you can dance to
the tunes of our superstar Krishna?
If that’s the case,
dance to this tune.
DJ!
This song is dedicated to
all superstar fans.
"Oh dear young girl, you are a
sculpture of Ellora."
"You are one who breaks
young men’s hearts."
"I am going to entice you with
my new dance moves."
"Even Micheal Jackson is going
to be impressed."
"Oh dear young girl, you are a
sculpture of Ellora."
"You are one who breaks
young men’s hearts."
"I am going to entice you with
my new dance moves."
"Even Micheal Jackson is going
to be impressed."
Hey!
Dear!
Dad...
Sir!
Sir, this bullet was found in the
ATS commissioner’s body.
This bullet was found when a CI was
attacked in Hyderabad.
Both are a matched, sir.
Are you sure?
I am sure, sir.
The bullet has been fired from
Marilyn model gun, sir.
The gun belongs to Salim Bhai, sir.
If the gun is in Hyderabad...
He must be in Hyderabad.
Bhai, the gun and the target’s photo
have reached Hyderabad.
Before Bhai wakes up, he
should be dead.
Hello?
Mother, where are the keys?
They must be in the cupboard beside
the door. Look there.
Alright.
You got another courier.
Courier?
Where did you put it?
It’s right there in the hall.
Brother, this side.
Brother, the courier is for me.
The gun is mine as well.
Pack up!
What happened?
You presented yourself as a big deal
and you have nothing to show for it?
Did you use the gun?
There should have been five.
Who are you, sir?
Why do you want to kill me?
Who are these...
I don’t work at customer service
to provide you with confirmation.
I need to finish this quickly.
I am hungry.
You are so lucky.
You are dying for Salim Bhai.
Sir, who is Salim Bhai?
Does the movie have any logic in it?
Movies don’t usually have any logic.
You and your son are...
If you want science and logic,
head to the library...
Who are all these people?
I am asking you.
Who are these people?
Sir, please.
Savior...He is my savior.
Thank you, brother. Thank you.
Bless me, mother.
Father, you too.
Mother, your prayers have worked.
Your curses have turned into boons.
The day that I’ve been waiting for,
for the past 25 years is
finally here, mother.
Please, sir.
If grandfather was alive today....
He would have died watching your
over-the-board performance.
Tell us what’s going on.
I’ve been cast as a hero, mother.
The opportunity that I have waited
for all these days came
and landed
directly at my doorstep.
I don’t believe you.
I know that, father.
That is why I am
explaining it mom here.
Who are all these people?
Team...this is our team.
Team? I don’t believe you.
It looks like a gang.
Who is he?
My director.
What about this one in a
flowery shirt?
Cinematographer.
What about this one with
disheveled hair?
Fight master.
Who the hell is he?
Producer.
How is he the producer?
Gosh, why would you be so
disrespectful towards the producer?
Sorry, sir.
Mother, don’t do it.
Hold on.
Director, is my son truly the
hero in your movie?
Such a wonderful news!
There are no sweets at home to
celebrate this moment.
Would you like to have some biryani?
Serve them.
A little more?
Please sir.
Are you just going to be happy
that your son’s become the hero?
Aren’t you curious about the story?
It’s his first movie.
Son, did you listen to the story?
How is it?
Tell me...tell me...tell me...
How can I narrate the story now?
I’ll explain it later.
Why bother asking you?
Director sir, please
tell me the story.
Have some water.
♪Mother, mother. ♪
♪I am your little one. ♪
♪With out you, I remain wilted. ♪
♪You disappeared without
saying a word. ♪
Could you please stop that
background music
and narrate the story?
Father, creative people don’t keep
narrating stories
as and when demanded.
They can keep eating biryani
whenever they want.
But they narrate the story in a
particular time only?
Producer sir?
Have they at least narrated
the story to you?
Stop it, father.
What are you talking?
The story is the first
hero of the script.
You must narrate the story.
You want the story?
Please tell us.
Fine, I’ll tell you.
You sit down.
Thanks!
Madam, please sit down.
The story begins with the
opening scene of Mumbai.
The city is ridden with smuggling,
drugs, extortion.
All these things are run
by Salim Bhai.
He is.... he is a big...
Kollagaran (Gangster)
What’s the word for it?
Gangster.
The number of murders
committed by Bhai are....
...countless.
When Bhai makes a strategy,
he doesn’t miss the target.
If that is your favorite,
this is my favorite.
Don’t throw it.
You know about Savyasachi
(ambidextrous), right?
Even my enemy gets two
options from me.
Do you want to die by a
cigarette or by a gun?
No matter where my enemy is or
how far they go...
I chase them relentlessly
and kill them.
Salim Bhai gave Arjun a contract to
carry out a killing.
To carry out the killing,
he sent a gun
and the photo of the
target through courier.
That courier doesn’t
reach that Arjun.
Instead, it reaches this Arjun.
Arjun knows the entire story.
Now, tell me, sir.
What do I do now?
Kill him.
-Father!
Yes, It’s the most
logical thing to do.
What if he takes pity and files a
complaint at the police station...
He needs to be killed.
I went to kill him.
But his mother intervened.
Just like this mother
here who fed me.
I gave him a chance
because of his mother.
It’s ruined.
The cinema is going to be ruined.
Where is the logic in it, sir?
Since the protagonist isn’t as
educated as me,
I doubt the
emotional connection would work.
He is a road-side goon.
Street-side goon.
He is a blob of cow dung
fallen on the road.
Cow dung! Cow dung!
Forget it! Forget it! Forget it!
Consider everything that has
happened
to be a nightmare
and just forget about it.
You have a good family.
be happy.
But I must warn you.
I am not just leaving you here
with your life intact.
I am leaving because I believe you.
If this gets out, I am going to kill
everyone in your family.
Sir!
Following this is an interval block.
Does the logic seem right to you?
I shall take my leave.
Madam, I shall take my leave.
Come on.
Young brother.
-Sir!
Give me that cover.
Director sir...
please cast a beautiful
heroine beside my son.
Is that all?
I shall see to that.
As long as your mother is with you,
nothing is going to happen to you.
I shall be back.
Where are you off to?
To the heroine.
Grandma, where is Subbu?
They are all in the hospital.
Hospital?
Doctor, I hope nothing is
going to happen to him.
Yeah, his condition is stable now.
Do not bear any news that is going
to make him worried and anxious.
Okay?
Subbu...
Go away from here.
Subbu, listen to me.
Just listen to me for two minutes.
No, I won’t listen.
Someone is trying to
kill your father.
I know it.
You know it?
Yes!
You only...
you are trying to kill my father.
What happened, Subbu?
My father did not like you.
You stressed my father out and
caused him to have a heart attack.
You believed that this would
lead me to marry you.
That’s your plan, right?
Have you gone crazy?
Someone is out to kill your father.
Let’s tell your father this and find
out what exactly happened?
Who would want to kill my father?
Narrate all your stories
to some producer.
Don’t tell me.
-Subbu.
Get out.
Subbu, please.
Get out!
Young brother.
-Sir.
Give me that cover.
Brother, I know him.
Urvasi...
Come.
Were you waiting for me to wake up?
Doctor!
-Yes!
What happened to me, doctor?
The bullet directly hit
your spinal cord...
Hit my spinal cord and...
It didn’t kill you but it completely
shattered your ability to procreate.
Yes!
You can no longer have sex.
Doctor....
Please do something, doctor.
Doctor!
-I already told you, didn’t I?
Nothing is going to happen.
Man! Lift it, lift your head up.
I got this rocket to make you proud.
If you have sugar or high blood
pressure, or ulcer or even cancer...
Even if you have Aids...
You would confess it to your
girlfriend or your wife.
But, if you have this problem,
you can never confess it to anyone.
That is why I present to
you this Rocket.
When you consume Rocket,
you can carry on the deed anywhere
without being exhausted
and take it however far you want to.
The special thing about this Rocket
is that you can use it to
satisfy two women...
three women and if you prefer,
even four women.
If you take on more than that,
your libido might fail.
And that’s not our responsibility
because conditions apply.
With this Rocket,
you are going to nudge
your sleeping libido into action.
Is the shot okay?
Hey, woman.
Who are you?
Enough.
You told me that you got me the
costume worn by Varun Tej in
that movie Antariksham.
Do you know how short it is?
And you say that Varun Tej wore it.
You are all good at
spinning stories.
Who are you guys?
Trump!
Where is he?
What's happening?
Pooja Hegde?
Rashmika Mandanna?
Who are you guys?
Why did you kidnap me?
Friends.
You missed the high-five.
Hold on a minute.
-(together) Friends.
Why do I care if you are
friends or family?
Why did you kidnap me?
Well, why did we kidnap him?
Just as product with out promotion,
you are trying to extract
revenge without a reason.
When a friend gives a party,
don’t all the friends join in to
drink and celebrate?
Just because you can run your mouth,
don’t throw in bad
jokes into the mix.
Your reason is absurd.
Nothing, brother.
Our Tata Sky isn’t working.
We kidnapped you so that
you can repair it.
Yeah, right. Like this is
Anthariksham movie
and I am Sai Dharam Tej.
But it’s Varun Tej in the movie
Anthariksham, right?
You are offended, aren’t you?
I am in the same situation too.
Tell me what’s the reason.
You want a reason, right?
Our hero is going to enter soon.
Is he the one?
-Yup.
He is always like this.
That door bounces off the hinges,
brother.
I hope you are not hurt.
Give him the reason.
The reason is...
Pistol!
You received the courier for the
second time.
That must mean you
got the oil for sure.
No.
My father-in-law’s photo came in it.
Who wants to kill your
father-in-law?
How did your father-in-law
get on his radar?
There is some connection between
your father-in-law arriving
so suddenly from out of town...
and trying to take Subbu to
the US in a hurry.
Yes!
Your father came to
Hyderabad on the 7th.
The attack on Salim Bhai
happened on the 5th.
That means that your father-in-law
is somehow connected to that attack.
Yes!
I figured it out.
His father-in-law is a gangster.
Bhasha! Bhasha!
Dear, what happened?
The doctor advised you to
stay in the bed.
Nothing happened to him.
Sir!
As you instructed, I lied
to your daughter.
Lie?
Is your heart attack a lie?
Nothing happened to you?
Do you know tensed your
daughter was?
Okay, sir.
I did all this to shock
her a little.
That is when she would be convinced
to come to the US with us.
But, Subbu and Arjun are in love.
Shhh!
This is how it’s supposed to happen,
Lakshmi.
It would be better for everyone if
things happen this way.
I am as good as dead if you disclose
anything about this until we
board the flight.
Now, I am going to wait and
see the drama unfold.
Who is my father-in-law?
What did he do in Mumbai?
I need to find all the details.
How are you going to do that?
Follow.
"Hey Rama! Hey Rama!"
"This is over-dramatic!"
Is everything okay?
All the reports are clear?
Everything is alright!
Careful!
"Let's hear this story"
Play entrance camera.
"The Movie titles has begun"
"Started the hunt between
hero and
villains like a sherlock
homes story"
There he is.
Bhasha.
Look at his style!
Hey! You keep quiet
Stop your nonsensical talk.
"My girl's father is a villain
the movie genre mafia thriller"
"I wonder that you are a
Don or troubler"
"My love story has end up
with your entry"
He is changing his appearance.
Look at how your father-in-law is
transforming himself into a Don.
What??
He is getting someone ready just
like him. Like Saddam Hussein.
"Let's hear this story"
I am going to get all your reports,
sir. Please don’t hurt me.
Go and get it.
Okay, sir.
He gave him a warning.
Didn’t I tell you?
This is exactly like the scene
from the movie Bhasha.
He is a gangster!
Don’t be disrespectful.
-Disrespectful?
He is my father-in-law.
Father-in-law? Yeah, right!
He is a bloody gangster!
Oh, dear! He’s come.
How many times do I have to tell you
not to eat everything you find?
Saidhulu, come here.
All the sharpshooters and career
criminals in our list
must be present here immediately.
Go!
Tell me who made that shot?
-I didn’t do it, sir.
Tell me!
Tell me who made that shot?
We are not some small alleyway
thugs to shoot people
without taking account of the
place or the location.
We are professional shooters.
His cerebral functions
are improving.
Heart pulses are come down.
Leave all that. When is our
brother going to wake up?
Don’t ask me.
Ask God.
Where is he?
Where?
-Who are you talking about?
Serve me a piece of meat.
-This is a vegetarian dish.
Veg?!
Where is he?
Tell!
-I don't know.
Subbu, listen to me once.
In a week’s time, my family and I
are going to the US.
I will no longer be
present in your life.
I’ll never let you go anywhere.
"What is all the suspense"
"Tell the climax quickly"
"This story horror genre or killer"
"Let's end the story"
(Rap)
Play the CCTV footage.
I want the CCTV footage of
this apartment.
(Rap)
"Hey Rama! Hey Rama!"
"This is over-dramatic!"
Mom... what was father
doing in Bombay?
"Hey Rama! Hey Rama!"
"This is over-dramatic!"
Dear!
-Mom is calling.
Coming.
"Hey Rama! Hey Rama!"
"This is over-dramatic!"
"Let's hear the story"
"Hey Rama! Hey Rama!"
"This is over-dramatic!"
What is it, Dad?
-Did anyone come here?
In the room?
I put my phone somewhere...
-Hall...it’s in the hall.
Why do you look down?
Is there a problem?
Nothing, father.
I am your father.
You can share anything with me.
What happened, father?
Don’t try to hide it anymore.
I know everything.
Your movie’s been stalled, right?
Movie?
No.
Why do you have such a doubt?
Anyone who looks at them is bound
to have such doubts.
Brother, please... please...
Why did they come here?
Nothing, brother.
While I was passing by this side...
The smell of your mother’s
biryani wafted
all the way to the
end of the street.
And also...
Even the dogs in our area don’t
smell things this aggressively.
Dear, apparently the director wanted
to start casting
but he couldn’t
find the person in that photo.
How will he find him when
we kidnapped him?
What did you say?
I didn’t say anything.
You said something.
You said that you kidnapped someone.
I mean...
Since you can’t find the person in
the photograph,
I was wondering if
he was kidnapped...
Just as he suggested, what if he was
really kidnapped by someone?
Yes, brother! Correct!
Shut up, you fool!
If he is found, he would be killed
instead of being kidnapped.
If you are here, who is going
to kill him, sir?
The second one.
What? A second one?
You mean there are two
heroes in the movie?
It wouldn’t be nice to put him in a
multi-starrer in his very first movie.
Mom, please stop.
This isn’t about hero.
There are two villains.
Oh!
The order came from Salim Bhai.
Two houses, two wives,
two similar cars
and two similar looking
guns came here.
One gun came here.
The second gun...
Who could he have given it to?
That’s what I don’t know.
Check the vehicle.
-Hey, stop! Stop!
Hey, open the door!
What’s inside?
Constables, let the vehicle go.
Okay, sir.
move
The one who agreed to the deal.
No one knows when
he would come
and how he would make an
appearance either.
But,
But he will definitely come to kill.
Where is he?
Tell me
What are you doing here?
Nothing, father.
I am asking you.
I told you that it’s nothing.
Don’t you get it?
What the hell is happening here?
Why are they trying to kill him?
We’ve donned on different disguises
to find out the reason
but nothing
is working out so far.
How about we go to the police?
Well, they would first arrest me on
the charge of shooting a CI.
Or if I confess that my
father-in-law is a don,
he is going
to kill the both of us.
Me too?
Instead of working on your auditions
why did you get yourself
involved in this?
Hero isn’t someone who is just
on screen, father.
If need be, one has to stand up and
fight in real life too.
Please stop the sermon and
tell me what needs to be done.
Where are they?
We are going to be leaving to the US
in another four days.
Why bother going to the
temples and praying?
Until I tell you, none of you should
get down from the car.
Welcome to the Rampa
Choduvanu evil forest.
Cars cannot penetrate
this thick forest.
And there are no cheer girls to be
found in this little forest.
There is no signal here.
And if you are hit, there’s no one
around to question either.
Do you have gold,
mobile phone or cash,
or do you have a desire to live?
Do you have the gun?
Gaja!
Gaja.
Powerful than a gun.
Hey man, I am going to give you a
mind-blowing offer.
Place your sword on my neck.
Why?
-You would get one crore rupees.
You mean money I can count?
Apart from the list that you’ve
asked earlier,
ask for my
father-in-law’s suitcase as well.
The money is in it?
I am going to cut his throat.
If you don’t pay me one crore,
I am going to kill him.
-Arjun!
Arjun!
If you don’t pay me one crore,
I am going to kill him.
I want my one crore rupees.
Apart from the list I’ve given
you earlier,
give me your
suitcase as well.
I am going to kill him.
Young man...look here.
-Don’t hurt him.
I will give you all the
gold that I own.
He’s been cast as a hero in a movie.
Please let my son go.
Gold?
Remember the one crore rupees,
idiot!
I don’t care about the gold.
You should open that door, come out
of it and give me the suitcase.
If not, I am going to kill him.
I am going to kill him.
When the danger is here,
why are you busy discussing there?
If there is a mosquito in the house,
you should kill it with a bat.
Not a bullet, sir.
Bloody fool!
Do you know whose path
you’ve obstructed?
Do you know who you are
demanding money from?
You didn’t just stop the car.
You stopped your death.
If you see an elephant in the
forest, you should stop right there.
If you see a lion, you
should run away.
Boss!
It’s time to offer a
sacrifice to the goddess.
I don’t understand what
you’re saying, sir.
Make it more impactful!
Don’t kill him.
Subbu...
Stop it!
Listen to me.
I am going to kill him.... Subbu,
stop.
Subbu, don’t go.
-I am going to kill him.
Blood!
Blood! Blood!
I am going to kill him!
Please don’t kill him.
He is the only son I have.
Father, give him the suitcase.
I am going to kill him!
Give me a crore or else I am
going to kill him!
Let him go.
-I am going to spill his blood.
Blood! Blood!
If you don’t come, I am
going to kill him.
I am going to kill him.
Why are you slow? Hurry up!
I am going to cut his
neck right now.
Police! Police!
Goodness, escape!
Run away! Run away!
It’s an ambulance.
Brother...
Someone please take me.
You are blind.
How you’ve fooled us!
You prick!
It looks like the tyre
has a puncture.
We are heading to Rajahmundry as
well. You can come in our car.
Please...
Please... Please...
"Don’t be upset, darling.
It’s messing with my head."
"Don’t mess me up, darling.
Don’t twist that tiny waist of
yours around."
"When you are angry, your beauty is
magnified a thousand-fold."
"You are messing up my mind,
when you keep following me around."
"You are messing with my mind,
when you keep touching me
here and there.."
"A girl’s anger is as powerful
as RDX explosives."
"If you get any close, you are going
to be blown to bits."
"Won’t my youth spring up
and take notice
When I see such
sweet lips of yours?"
"I am not the one who falls
for such sweet talk.
You and I are not
right for each other."
"Why do we need to fight,
my baby hooligan?"
"Don’t look at me like you are
out for revenge."
"I am not easily moved by
such latest talk."
"Even if you praise me, I
won’t fall for it."
"You are my golden beauty.
Why would you say that?"
"If you walk away, what am I to do?"
"I already told you, didn’t I?
Let’s end this business of
love between us."
"Go away if you
want...take another path."
"Shower me with your smile again,
dear."
"I have kept the window of my
heart open for you."
"Don’t keep irritating me
every hour of the day."
"If I tell my dad, he is going to
give you a stern warning."
"When you keep twirling your tiny waist around,
How can I stay put?"
"I’ve been patient and I
keep telling you."
"But, why won’t you listen?
Are you drunk?"
"Even if I have my drink without
a drop of water.
No one can make me
as high as you do."
"Oh my god, what’s with
this nonsense?"
"Just because you ask me to let it
go, do you think I would melt?"
"Don’t be upset, darling.
It’s messing with my head."
"Don’t mess me up, darling.
Don’t twist that tiny waist of
yours around."
"When you are angry, your beauty is
magnified a thousand-fold."
"You are messing up my mind,
when you keep following me around."
"You are messing with my mind,
when you keep touching me
here and there.."
"A girl’s anger is as powerful
as RDX explosives."
"If you get any close, you are going
to be blown to bits."
Sir!
Rewind...
Stop!
Open the door.
Hold on, I am opening it.
Hurry up and pack.
Go and pack the things!
Go and pack!
Let’s run away.
Food is very tasty.
They were hungry.
That is why I ordered a pizza.
Take a video of this.
My father needs to watch
this fellow die.
Sir, I’ll give you another pizza,
please let him go.
I’ll feed you another pizza,
please let my husband go.
Forget about pizza, he
is killing me!
Shut up!
Watch your death!
Hey, not me.
You idiot!
I am not the one who
needs to be killed.
If you got the courier the second time,
it must mean that you
received the oil.
No, my father-in-law’s
photo came in it.
Brother, I can’t take this anymore.
I am going to tear his limbs,
cut his throat up and take his life.
Shut up!
He fooled me!
Yes, he did the same!
Do you understand?
We are going to be leaving to the US
in another four days.
Why bother going to the
temples and praying?
You and your foolish beliefs!
I will get it.
Search for him.
Give me a coconut.
Give me some vermillion as well.
-For me as well.
Alright.
Don’t think my father will be
convinced with you
following us around.
Who came here to convince your
father? I came here to save him.
Won’t you change?
I am unable to believe
that you are
praying for the success
of his movie.
When there are unbelievable things
that are happening in our life...
we must believe them, Sharada.
Pray.
Subbu.
Your father is in real danger.
Give me the coconut.
Did you see him anywhere?
Do you know him?
Hey, I saw him.
Come.
Here. Right here.
Arjun!
-There. Right there!
Do you know what you’re doing?
-I saw him right here.
Show us where he is.
Arjun! I am talking to you.
Stop it!
Why did you stop?
-Arjun, listen to me.
Do you know what you’re doing?
Keep going.
Arjun...
Sir...Sir...
Please, sir.
We don’t know anything.
Let us go, sir.
Please, sir.
Sir...sir...sir...
Buddy, he asked me about your
father-in-law and got me here.
That’s a gun.
If you are here, who is going
to kill him, sir.
The second guy.
Put it inside.
-Okay, sir.
Deal?
Sir, when you were in the hospital,
you got this courier.
Father, who are you?
What were you doing in Mumbai?
Why do so many people
want to kill you?
Why has mom undertaken a
vow of silence?
Why did you come from Mumbai?
Why are we going to the US?
Tell me, father.
Father, I am asking you.
Tell me.
Why are you leaving
without answering me?
Tell me, dad.
-I’ll tell you.
Tell me what is your plan?
Speak out!
Bhai...
Bhai, please forgive me.
Forgive you?
I am not a God to forgive you.
I am the Khaitan!
The Khaitan!
Cut! Cut! Cut!
Why?
When you say Khaitan, it’s the name
of brand of electric fans.
When you say Saithan,
it means a Don.
Sir...Sir...Sir...
Sorry, sir.
Sorry.
One more, sir.
Please, sir.
You mean...
He is not a Don?
I.... apparently, he is not a Don.
No, he isn’t.
He is a government employee.
He works five days a week.
But on the weekends,
he strived hard
to improve and use his
acting skills.
♪Angelic beauty Ramba! ♪
♪Let’s do some Samba. ♪
♪I shall dance. ♪
♪You dance too. ♪
♪Life is as precious as the
way you treat it. ♪
♪Angelic beauty Ramba! ♪
♪Let’s do some Samba. ♪
If there is a character that needs
casting, I’ll call you.
Hero.
Look at him!
What’s going on, sir?
You colored your mustache as
well as your hair.
Did you color your face as well?
At some point in their lives, people
generally give up their bad habits.
But,
He wanted to be cast and picked up
those bad habits in his fifties.
Apart from consuming alcohol and
smoking, he also risked his life.
Do you know what he did?
What did he do, aunty?
At your age, why do you need
to work so hard?
Why would you say that, Laxmi?
If tomorrow, I get cast in a movie
like Swathi Mutyam,
I need to do
justice to the character.
Looking your dedication about films,
I felt...
Biopic director.
Direc...
Director sir.
If I show you Salim Bhai,
would you be able to act like him?
I will do it, sir.
If you convince him, the
role is yours.
I’ll send you the location,
come right away.
Yes, sir.
I’ll come right away.
That was the time when the police
were waiting for an opportunity
to capture Salim Bhai.
What is the situation?
Sir is in a very bad mood.
Sir!
Any leads?
-No, sir.
Khaleel escaped.
Shit, man!
We are trying our best, sir.
According to the latest information
we received,
Salim is going to be here in India for the
next fifteen days.
At any cost, we must catch him
within these fifteen days.
I want to shoot him point blank.
Salim...Savyasachi?
Sir!
There were a lot of Dons who came
appeared in Mumbai
and disappeared too.
But to live even after death...
you need to have a movie
made about your life.
Bhai, the director is here.
Bring him in.
Salam-alaikum, Bhai.
Ah, director.
Did you find a hero?
Yes, sir. We found a hero.
Sir, it’s me.
Stop the music.
You are the hero?
He is going to be
starring in my biopic?
Come here.
Do you know who I am?
When I was 9 years old,
I murdered someone for a rolled
tobacco cigarette.
After that, I relentlessly killed
all those clever and crafty people
who came in my way.
There are at least 100
chargesheets filed against me.
And even then, the police
couldn’t do anything.
You are going to be playing
me in my biopic?
Salim Bhai’s biopic?
Fat man!
Who do you want?
Sharukh Khan, Salman Khan or the
good-looking Hrithik,
no matter who it is.
Just talk to them, I am going
to lock their dates.
And you got him, you fool?!
To play Salim Bhai?
Get lost!
If you don’t, I will cut you up.
Get out! Out! Out!
Sir...
-Get out!
What did you say?
You must have started killing when
you were 9,
I started
acting since I was 6.
And right from then, I’m still
struggling to be cast as a hero.
When I was gaining weight
around my tummy,
I went to the gym
early in the morning.
I begged assistant directors for
opportunities.
I took Managers out for drinks.
I paid casting directors cash to
get casted in movies.
And I kept wishing everyone
connected with the industry,
on their WhatsApp.
I even colored my hair
because it turned white.
And when I lost my hair,
I put on a wig.
Sharukh Khan? Aamir Khan?
Salman Khan?
Sharukh Khan will act
like Sharukh Khan.
Aamir Khan will act like Aamir Khan.
Salman Khan will act
like Salman Khan.
But the one who will act like
Salim Bhai is me.
Me!
Even after you die, I am the only
one who can make people believe
that you are alive with my acting skills.
It’s me! It’s me! It’s me only!
Lion!
We found a hero!
Munna, look at him.
What an actor!
Look at his performance!
Pick out an auspicious time.
I will come at that time and
start the clap...
...and what is it that they say?
Sound and action.
(Chanting prayers)
Shall I call Subbu and tell her?
-No! No!
After it releases in the theatre,
I’ll take her and surprise her.
Okay?
Okay.
Mom, dad wanted to keep this a
secret so that he could surprise me?
Is that important?
Is that important now?
Can’t you understand the
situation we are in now?
Aunty, you sent uncle
off with prayers.
Salim Bhai is waiting for his
biopic to be released.
The police are waiting to
nab Salim Bhai.
Aunty, by some misfortune,
did uncle kill Salim Bhai?
Please tell us, aunty.
My head is splitting.
Tell us, aunty.
What happened?
His engine failed.
Oh my god!
It's getting late!
Let's ask for lift.
Sir...sir...
One minute.
Sir, I am getting late for an
opening. Could you please drop me?
Where do you want to go?
Just around here, sir.
Lal stadium.
Lal stadium?
Earlier, you said that there was an
opening. -The opening for a movie.
Are you an actor?
Who is the hero in the movie?
It’s me, sir.
Hero at your age?
Hello?
Do you know Salim Bhai’s age?
What?
What happened?
As soon as I mentioned Salim Bhai,
you sound as frightened as
the Mumbai police.
Don’t be scared, sir.
I am the hero in Salim
Bhai’s biopic.
Shall I tell you a secret?
Even Salim Bhai is coming
for the opening.
What? You don’t believe me.
Here is a selfie of me
with Salim Bhai.
Mr. Hero?
Can I have a selfie with you?
-Yes, sure.
That’s it.
Thank you.
Welcome!
Mr. Hero?
can I come for the opening as well?
Yes, come along.
But, don’t disturb anyone there.
I won’t disturb at all.
Let’s go then. We are getting late.
Bhai...
Oh my god!
Bhai.
Bhai, let’s go.
We will deal with them later.
I will not leave those
scoundrels alone!
Salim Bhai...
Come...
Come, come.
....I am going to kill you.
Even when the police said that they
would protect us
if we stayed with them,
he burned all over past
and we came to start a new life
with our daughter.
You!
Don’t stop me.
Give me a cigarette.
Uncle you don't smoke, right?
People will die after listening to
such a horrid backstory.
If they don’t smoke, they
are going to die.
Give it to me.
-Here it is.
A lot of people who wanted to be in
the movie industry ruined their lives.
Uncle, please listen to me once.
Who gave it to you?
Uncle, please.
-A Don and a horrid flashback!
It’s not that, uncle.
There is a Don in the story, right?
I can’t take it.
-Subbu, your dad’s letter.
You can’t swim.
It’s useless to live any longer.
Subbu!
I dreamed like everyone else.
I’ve been trying hard to
fulfill those dreams.
When I wanted to leave everything
and give it my full attention,
my parents got me married.
When you were born,
I had to set aside my dreams to take
on the responsibility of you.
When I fulfilled all my responsibilities
and pursued my dreams again.
my talent led to an opportunity but
luck did not favor me.
Subbu, one need both talent
and luck for success.
That day, I spoke to Arjun in a
discouraging manner.
It doesn’t matter if our dreams are
left as mere memories.
It should never leave us in tears.
When I wanted to pursue movies at my
age, people discouraged me.
What they don’t understand is that I
am so in love with my dream that
No matter what age I am at, I
cannot let it go.
We believe that every journey
leads to the destination.
But some journeys stop even before
one reaches the destination.
My journey is exactly like that.
I am going back to Mumbai.
From now on, no one needs to be
inconvenienced by me.
Arjun!
There is no vehicle here...
What do we do now?
What’s going on?
Why is the train going back?
It must be another take.
Another take?
A movie shoot will have
a lot of takes.
Shooting?
What do you mean a movie shoot?
Hey, cut! Cut!
Where is the hero?
That’s why we shouldn’t work with
new actors. -Stop it.
Let’s settle this first.
-Where is the hero?
Timing is really nice.
Place it in the take.
-Okay sir.
Did you not get on because
the train was going so fast?
Too fast?
More than me?
Tell me what the scene is.
The scene is that...
Your girlfriend’s family got
to know about your relationship.
Her father is taking her to Kerala.
You found out about it and you
immediately came to
the railway station.
The villain keeps...
speeding... here.
Hey, come here.
Then, he catches him and
takes the knife that’s right there.
And then cuts him.
That’s it.
The head flies off in the air and
before it falls down to the ground,
the eagles swoops in and
takes the head off.
The blood that flies along with
the head, lands on the green signal,
turning it red.
The train comes to a halt.
Awesome!
We are the first in India
to do this, right?
Yes, sir.
How do we go now?
-Let’s do something. Hold on.
Put them in the vehicles.
Johny, Johnny.
Yes, papa.
Hello, where to?
Outside.
You’ve already committed to this.
Sit down.
There is no commitment.
-Please, sit down.
If not, we would be
chastened by the boss.
I wonder where they drop in from.
Now, the heroine and you...
going to be acting out in a
very emotional scene.
Shall we go through the
dialogues once, sir?
I’ll deliver in the take.
Since this morning, you’ve
been saying that
you’re going to deliver
the performance in the take
The time is 12 o’clock now.
And nothing’s been delivered yet.
If this continues, I don’t think
this movie is going to be made.
Listen...
I’ll deliver the performance in
a single shot and single take.
Until I yell cut, if
anyone interferes,
I will kill them.
Ready?
Single shot, master.
Brothers....
Don’t send them away.
Cameramen are ready, sir.
Is the background ready?
Okay.
Ready sir!
Start camera.
Action!
Uncle?
Why did the train come to a halt
even though
you haven’t pulled the chain?
While shooting the movie,
only the story goes to Mumbai.
The train doesn’t.
Shooting?
Telling lies? No papa.
Even though you don’t want to
be in movies anymore,
the industry doesn’t seem to
want to let you go.
Come, let’s go.
Everyone is waiting for you.
I won’t come.
You go.
Then, I wouldn’t be leaving either.
Arjun, listen to me.
Stop it!
Uncle, you shouldn’t leave if there
is a problem.You must face it.
If need be, you must resist it.
I will face any number of
people for you.
I will behead people for you.
You don’t know about what
Salim Bhai can do, Arjun.
If he wants to get
revenge that badly,
Don’t you love movies enough to
stand up and fight?
Just recollect the number of times
you were belittled and insulted
since the day you wanted
to become a hero.
And imagine the amount of pain you
went through when you found that you
might never be able to
work in the movies.
You were never scared of all those
insults.
And you say that you are
scared of that criminal?
Don’t be scared.
I am here.
Come.
Uncle, there is a dialogue.
-You!
Uncle?
I am hero.
You are heroine.
Let’s go.
Uncle, there’s a dialogue here.
Just stop it!
They are going to fix it somehow in
the dubbing. -Let’s go.
They are here.
Salim Bhai!
Move!
Step aside!
Get away from here!
Salim Bhai is alive.
He is not dead.
Search for that idiot and
bring him out.
Who the hell are you?
That is my dialogue.
Dialogue?
Who is this ...?
Kill these idiots!
Bhai, isn’t he the one
who deceived you?
Let’s kill him.
How did you think you were going to
live after betraying Bhai?
Since the gun is ours, that man
must be one of our men.
Wasn’t it your talent that made Bhai
notice
you and cast you
in his biopic?
And what did you do?
You ruined the opportunity.
Okay.
When your car got punctured,
you should have taken a cab.
How did you go there with
the commissioner?
Bhai, we must kill him.
Kill him for sure.
Fine, you didn’t know that it was
the commissioner,
And it was not your fault.
But still, you must die.
Should we kill him, sir?
Bhai!
Don’t believe him.
He puts on a very good act.
Yes, yes.
He acts very well.
Now, if we talk about his
performance... -Just shut up!
Bhai, this guy is the one who was
always with him
and created
the whole mess.
He was the one who changed the
photo in the courier.
Though we planned each time,
he was the one who kept saving him.
He is the reason that that
fellow is still alive.
What are you talking? I am the one
who responsible for everything.
If he works in Telugu movies,
he should be the movie’s hero.
Who the hell are you,
you bloody fool?!
You’ve entered the scene at
the wrong time.
Who the hell are you guys?
You’ve made a mess of my mind!
I will kill you all.
Who the hell are you?
What the hell is going on?
You speak Hindi.
Yes, I speak Hindi.
Salim Bhai.
I am Telugu.
Baahubali.
Pan-India.
RRR.
Pushpa!
Pan-India.
Boom Baddal.
I am a pan-India star.
Bhai...
All these people are making us
fools! Shoot them all up!
Don’t waste time.
Shoot them.
Don’t shoot, Arjun.
Arjun, listen to me.
Don’t do it.
Such a big gun?
What the hell?
Don’t you know the difference
between a big gun and a small gun?
What?
-Bloody fool!
Oh my god!
Mosquito spray?
Brother, look there.
Catch them!
Shoot! Shoot!
Step aside! Step aside!
Why aren’t you reacting?!
Reacting?
Looking at my costume,
can’t you tell that I am a comedian?
Step aside!
Arjun!
Father!
You will die!
Why would you do that, dear?
Arjun!
I am a hero.
This is common in fighting.
All you people who act in the
movies are all dummies.
All the acting that you do is fake!
All your stunts are fake too!
The guns you use are fake too!
And at last, even when
you guys are hit,
the blood that
spills is fake too.
You people just paint your faces.
You are all dummies.
Yes, we are all dummies.
But, unlike you, they don’t make
people go through hell.
Instead, they show them heaven.
It might not be true.
But movie actors make people laugh,
cry, dance and even fight.
No matter what they do,
they make the person who bought the
tickets will get enjoy thoroughly.
They go to any lengths to
create that feeling.
When people look at you,
they are vexed.
But when they look at us, they laugh
and lengthen their life spans.
What do you know about actors?
Nandamuri Taraka Rama Rao.
Superstar Krishna.
Akkineni Nageshwar Rao.
The Handsome Shoban Babu.
Megastar Chiranjeevi.
Our Balayya babu.
Mahesh Babu.
Our power star Pavan Kalyan.
Who do you think all
these people are?
A lot of people consider
them to be gods.
They are all actors.
If you say another word
against actors...
You are all fake.
Salim Bhai! Salim Bhai Savyasachi!
The original is Salim Bhai!
The original!
Salim Bhai is original.
How is the finishing?
Did I do a good job?
Bloody fool!
-The hero is there.
Hey man, you are the hero in
my upcoming project.
Congrats, son-in-law.
Sir, you as well.
Roll camera.
He is my friend.
He’s going to do an awesome job.
Sorry sir.
67/3 take one!
Action!
"The entire street and
the neighborhood."
"Come on and have a look."
"Brother has come...see the
place buzzing."
"We have to up the tempo."
"The entire district is
on a rhythm."
"Flip up your collar and
begin your first step of dancing."
"Come on, come on, give it up.
He is a very local guy."
"With every step, bring in the
energy. He is the most special one."
"Come on, make some noise.
He is a very stylish fellow."
"Come on, shade our brother
under an umbrella.
He is full of energy."
"Come on, hit it! Hit it! Hit it!
Tear it apart!"
"Make sure that the tune is heard!
Hit it until it breaks down!"
"Cheers to Chiranjeevi who
impressed us with his moves."
"Cheers to Rajnikanth who
impressed us with his style."
"For impressing us with his
emotional range, cheers to Venky!"
performance, cheers to Balayya!"
"I am going to bring the game on
When I hit the screens."
"I am going to bring you a basket
woven out of marigold flowers."
"This is the beat.
It’s coming on, get ready."
Come on, hit it! Hit it! Hit it!"